Questions:
- What is Worldspear Like?
	- Ruled by a pair of ancient undead warrior brothers, one the embodiment of the desire to achieve immortal power and hedonism, the other the embodiment of the desire to overcome a tragic and unfair fate.
		- Unger-Gothica, Embodiment of Avoiding an Unwilling Fate, Tsar Voidal
		- Unger-Eterna, Embodiment of the Search for Eternal Happiness, Tsar Stellar
		- Each is a [Grim Champion of Desolation](https://2014.5e.tools/bestiary.html#grim%20champion%20of%20desolation_bmt)
	- They live in a kingdom of undeath sending envoys of undeath to other places in the world, but not being well received. They are at constant war with the mindless undead that are generated by the first undead's spear.
	- The capital is named Everlight, after the eternal funeral pyre at the foot of the castle.
	- Their castle is built at the outstretched hand of the corpse of the first undead, a corpse hundreds of miles long that draws dead bodies to it like a magnet, half skeleton of a malformed human, half writhing mass of gore and rotting meat, and no one is sure if it's "alive" and just "sleeping" or long since perished.
	- In truth, the first undead is very much still conscious and aware of its surroundings, but is entirely incapable of controlling its body. It exists in constant agony and sadness like a million tortured souls. Even the brothers tsar have no idea of its consciousness.
	- The first undead is where Redric stole the sliver of spark that he uses.
- What is the Gate of Three Ballads like?
	- An eternal pyre at the foot of the castle.
- What is protecting the Gate of Three Ballads?
	- No one knows where it is, except the brothers Tsar.
- Where do the players arrive when they teleport to Worldspear?
	- Good question. None of them know any of the cities there, and if they're too non-specific, they could end up in a frozen waste two hundred degrees below freezing.
	- DC 25 History check to know of the capital city of Worldspear, Everlight, as well as its location near the first undead
	- Otherwise, they'll probably choose to land in a port town called Gwyntdeheuolharbwr, a colony of Kaer Ayungar
- How do the cultists approach the gate?
	- They've been invited to stay as guests of the god brothers and are free to pursue their search for the gate, but have no clue where it is.
- How do the players protect the gate?
	- The players must either discover the location of the gate through research and unilaterally destroy it or convince the god brothers to not let the cultists near it.
